feat(otelcol): allow event extraction from spans in spanlogs (grafana#2427) (#2433)
grafana/alloy: CHANGELOG.md

- Add a new `/-/healthy` endpoint which returns HTTP 500 if one or more components are unhealthy. (@ptodev)

> - Add `otelcol.connector.spanlogs` allowing to export span events as logs. (@steve-hb)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the possibility to export span events as logs in `otelcol.connector.spanlogs`. (@steve-hb)
```

Author: thx, done

> - Add `otelcol.connector.spanlogs` allowing to export span events as logs. (@steve-hb)

Author: You're right, did not catch the start of an older release there
